for Zions sake I will not hold my peace
and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest
until her righteousness goes forth as
brightness and her salvation as a lamp
that burns the Gentiles shall see your
righteousness and all kings your glory
you shall be called by a new name which
the mouth of the Lord will name you
shall also be a crown of glory in the
hand of the Lord and a royal diadem in
the hand of your God you shall no longer
be termed forsaken nor shall your land
anymore be termed desolate but you shall
be called Hephzibah and your land
Beulah for the Lord delights in you and
your land shall be married for as a
young man marries a virgin so shall your
sons marry you and as the bridegroom
rejoices over the bride so shall your
God rejoice over you i have set watchmen
on your walls o Jerusalem they shall
never hold their peace day or night you
who make mention of the Lord do not keep
silent and give him no rest till he
establishes until he makes jerusalem a
praise in the earth the Lord has sworn
by his right hand and by the arm of his
strength
surely I will no longer give your grain
as food for your enemies and the sons of
the foreigner shall not drink your new
wine for which you have labored but
those who have gathered it shall eat it
and praise the Lord those who have
brought it together shall drink it in my
holy course go through go through the
gates prepare the way for the people
build up build up the highway take out
the stones lift up a banner for the
peoples indeed the Lord has proclaimed
to the end of the world say to the
daughter of Zion surely your salvation
is coming behold his reward is with him
and his work before him and they shall
call them the holy people the redeemed
of the Lord and you shall be called
sought out a City not forsaken
you